Add Phoenix Application Security Best Practices (#28)
erlef/security-wg: docs/web_app_security_best_practices_beam/supply_chain_vulnerabilities.md

---
title: Supply Chain Vulnerabilities
layout: page_with_toc
previous:
  url: information_leakage
  title: Information Leakage
seo_keywords:
  - supply chain vulnerability
  - dependency vulnerability
  - dependency vetting
  - hex
---

## Outdated dependencies

Critical security fixes are often only made available in the latest and greatest
version of 3rd party packages, When an application’s dependencies are falling
behind the currently available releases, this may impact the ability to quickly

> apply those fixes that are released. When a dependency upgrade is non-trivial,
> it is probably best to upgrade when there is no pressure to get a security fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apply fixes as they are released. When a dependency upgrade is non-trivial,
it is probably best to plan the upgrade while there is no pressure to get a security fix
```
